c:\users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\bin\StudService1.dll.config
c:\users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\bin\StudService1.dll
c:\users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\bin\StudService1.pdb
c:\users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\obj\Debug\StudService1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\obj\Debug\StudService1.dll
c:\users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\obj\Debug\StudService1.pdb
C:\Users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\obj\Debug\StudService1.Migrations.FirstInit.resources
C:\Users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\obj\Debug\StudService1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\bin\DbEntities.dll
C:\Users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\bin\DbEntities.pdb
C:\Users\vitaliy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudService1\StudService1\obj\Debug\StudService1.Migrations.ChangeStructureFields.resources
